src/source/reference/get-metrics-ads.rst, before:

.. index:: GET /metrics/ads
.. _get_metrics_ads:

GET /metrics/ads
=======================

.. list-table::
 :widths: 20 80

 * - Scope
   - ``console_ro`` or ``api_ro``

 * - Accept
   - ``application/vnd.ms-excel`` or ``text/csv``

This URL returns an ads performance report either in Excel or in CSV format depending on the
``Accept`` header. The report represents a timeseries breakdown of the performance of each ad which
has had performance-related activity in the requested period.

If the ``Accept`` header is ``application/vnd.ms-excel`` an Excel document is created, in ``.xlsx`` format.

If the ``Accept`` header is ``text/csv`` a `CSV <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comma-separated_values>`_ document is created, in the standard `RFC-4180 <https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4180>`_ format.
**Fields with a comma, fields with a quote or newline, and fields which start with a space will be enclosed in quotes.
Empty strings are not enclosed in quotes.**

All dates and times are in the tenant timezone.


Parameters
~~~~~~~~~~

==============  ================  ==================  ======================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================
Name             Type                Mandatory           Description
==============  ================  ==================  ======================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================
aggregate       string               no                 Granularity of the timeseries breakdown. Possible values are: ``daily``, ``weekly``, ``monthly``, and ``yearly``. Default is ``daily``.
startDate       string               yes                Start date of the report in ``YYYY-MM-DD`` format (inclusive)
endDate         string               yes                End date of the report in ``YYYY-MM-DD`` (inclusive)
includeDeleted  bool                 no                 Deleted ads are included/excluded. Default is ``false``
query           string               no                 Search phrase to filter on ad titles
fields          list of strings      no                 Comma-separated list of column fields to include in the report. Possible values are listed in the ``Field`` column in the table below. By default all fields are included, and this may **affect the speed of data generation**.
==============  ================  ==================  ======================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================


Report Columns
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Both the excel and the csv formats contain the following columns by default:

===================   =================   ===============================================================
Name                   Field               Description
===================   =================   ===============================================================
Date (Aggregated)     ``date``             Date of the report row, grouped daily, weekly, monthly, or yearly. For daily and weekly aggregation the format is ``YYYY-MM-DD``, for monthly aggregation - ``YYYY-MM``, and for yearly - ``YYYY``. All dates are in tenant timezone.
Ad ID                 ``adID``             ID of the ad
L1 Category           ``L1Category``       Level 1 category name
L2 Category           ``L2Category``       Level 2 category name
L3 Category           ``L3Category``       Level 3 category name, if applicable
Title                 ``title``            Title of the ad
Start Date            ``startDate``        Creation date of the ad
End Date              ``endDate``          If the ad is deleted, deletion date of the ad
CPC                   ``cpc``              CPC of the ad for which performance metrics are calculated, in Euros
Total spent           ``spent``            Total amount spent for this ad, in Euros
Clicks                ``clicks``           Number of clicks that the ad received
Impressions           ``impressions``      Number of impressions that the ad received
CTR                   ``viewCTR``          Click-through rate in %
URL clicks            ``websiteClicks``    Number of URL clicks that the ad received
Emails                ``emails``           Number of email events that the ad received
Engagement CTR        ``engagementCTR``    Engagement conversion rate in %. Calculation: ``(URL clicks + Emails) / Clicks``
Region                ``region``           Region name, of the ad
Vendor ID             ``vendorID``         Vendor ID of the ad
===================   =================   ===============================================================


Examples
~~~~~~~~

.. include:: ../examples/get-metrics-ads-examples.rst

Commit message:

add locale header for downloadable report

src/source/reference/get-metrics-ads.rst, after:

.. index:: GET /metrics/ads
.. _get_metrics_ads:

GET /metrics/ads
=======================

.. list-table::
 :widths: 30 70

 * - Scope
   - ``console_ro`` or ``api_ro``

 * - Accept
   - ``application/vnd.ms-excel`` or ``text/csv``

 * - Accept-Language
   - preferred locale (e.g., ``nl-NL``, ``fr-BE``, ``en-CA``)

This URL returns an ads performance report either in Excel or in CSV format depending on the
``Accept`` header. The report represents a timeseries breakdown of the performance of each ad which
has had performance-related activity in the requested period.

If the ``Accept`` header is ``application/vnd.ms-excel`` an Excel document is created, in ``.xlsx`` format.

If the ``Accept`` header is ``text/csv`` a `CSV <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comma-separated_values>`_ document is created, in the standard `RFC-4180 <https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4180>`_ format.
**Fields with a comma, fields with a quote or newline, and fields which start with a space will be enclosed in quotes.
Empty strings are not enclosed in quotes.**

All dates and times are in the tenant timezone.

The ``Accept-Language`` header advertises the preferred client locales (language and region) for the report column names. Both ``language_REGION`` and ``language-REGION`` are supported formats, and can be assigned optional weights. If the preferred locale(s) are not available, a default one is used.

Parameters
~~~~~~~~~~

==============  ================  ==================  ======================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================
Name             Type                Mandatory           Description
==============  ================  ==================  ======================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================
aggregate       string               no                 Granularity of the timeseries breakdown. Possible values are: ``daily``, ``weekly``, ``monthly``, and ``yearly``. Default is ``daily``.
startDate       string               yes                Start date of the report in ``YYYY-MM-DD`` format (inclusive)
endDate         string               yes                End date of the report in ``YYYY-MM-DD`` (inclusive)
includeDeleted  bool                 no                 Deleted ads are included/excluded. Default is ``false``
query           string               no                 Search phrase to filter on ad titles
fields          list of strings      no                 Comma-separated list of column fields to include in the report. Possible values are listed in the ``Field`` column in the table below. By default all fields are included, and this may **affect the speed of data generation**.
==============  ================  ==================  ======================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================


Report Columns
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Both the excel and the csv formats contain the following columns by default:

===================   =================   ===============================================================
Name                   Field               Description
===================   =================   ===============================================================
Date (Aggregated)     ``date``             Date of the report row, grouped daily, weekly, monthly, or yearly. For daily and weekly aggregation the format is ``YYYY-MM-DD``, for monthly aggregation - ``YYYY-MM``, and for yearly - ``YYYY``. All dates are in tenant timezone.
Ad ID                 ``adID``             ID of the ad
L1 Category           ``L1Category``       Level 1 category name
L2 Category           ``L2Category``       Level 2 category name
L3 Category           ``L3Category``       Level 3 category name, if applicable
Title                 ``title``            Title of the ad
Start Date            ``startDate``        Creation date of the ad
End Date              ``endDate``          If the ad is deleted, deletion date of the ad
CPC                   ``cpc``              CPC of the ad for which performance metrics are calculated, in Euros
Total spent           ``spent``            Total amount spent for this ad, in Euros
Clicks                ``clicks``           Number of clicks that the ad received
Impressions           ``impressions``      Number of impressions that the ad received
CTR                   ``viewCTR``          Click-through rate in %
URL clicks            ``websiteClicks``    Number of URL clicks that the ad received
Emails                ``emails``           Number of email events that the ad received
Engagement CTR        ``engagementCTR``    Engagement conversion rate in %. Calculation: ``(URL clicks + Emails) / Clicks``
Region                ``region``           Region name, of the ad
Vendor ID             ``vendorID``         Vendor ID of the ad
===================   =================   ===============================================================


Examples
~~~~~~~~

.. include:: ../examples/get-metrics-ads-examples.rst
