src/source/reference/get-ad-id-funnel.rst, before:

.. index:: GET /ad/{id}/funnel
.. _get_ad_id_funnel:

GET /ad/{id}/funnel
===================

.. list-table::
 :widths: 20 80

 * - Scope
   - ``api_ro`` or ``console_ro``

 * - Accept
   - ``application/sellside.funnel-v1+json, application/json``

This URL returns performance predictions such as number of impressions, clicks
and url clicks for a given ad and cpc value.

The endpoint also returns information regarding the current page on which the
ad is displayed and the required cpc value which would place the ad on page
one. If ``cpc`` is greater than ``maxCpc`` then this ad does not perform well
enough to be placed on page one.

If the performance of an ad cannot be predicted yet, the server returns a
``204 No Content`` response with an empty body. This can happen when, for
instance, the ad is the only one in a category and no reference ads exist yet
from which to derive a performance prediction.

Parameters
----------

=============    ========    ============================================================================
Name             Type        Description
=============    ========    ============================================================================
cpc              integer     The cpc value in euro cents for which to make the prediction. Mandatory field.
_include         string      Comma-separated-list of fields to include. Optional, default is all fields.
_exclude         string      Comma-separated-list of fields to omit. Optional, default empty.
=============    ========    ============================================================================

Errors
------

====================    ====    =======================     ==============================================================================
Field                   Code    Error message               Description
====================    ====    =======================     ==============================================================================
cpc                     2001    invalid argument            the provided value is not a valid number
====================    ====    =======================     ==============================================================================

Example
-------

.. include:: ../examples/get-ad-id-funnel-example.rst

Commit message:

CASINT-1139 Don't introduce 'suggestedCpcForPageOne' in favor of 'averageCpc' just yet. Make clearer what 'averageCpc' indicates.
This reverts commit 5333d7f5faecaf007616953a4700c3a00d73e6be.

src/source/reference/get-ad-id-funnel.rst, after:

.. index:: GET /ad/{id}/funnel
.. _get_ad_id_funnel:

GET /ad/{id}/funnel
===================

.. list-table::
 :widths: 20 80

 * - Scope
   - ``api_ro`` or ``console_ro``

 * - Accept
   - ``application/sellside.funnel-v1+json, application/json``

This URL returns performance predictions such as number of impressions, clicks
and url clicks for a given ad and cpc value.

The endpoint also returns information regarding the current page on which the
ad is displayed (``pageNumber``) and the required cpc value which would place the ad on page
one (``averageCpc``). If ``cpc`` is greater than ``maxCpc`` then this ad does not perform well
enough to be placed on page one.

If the performance of an ad cannot be predicted yet, the server returns a
``204 No Content`` response with an empty body. This can happen when, for
instance, the ad is the only one in a category and no reference ads exist yet
from which to derive a performance prediction.

The ``averageCpc`` field in the response marks the required cpc value to place the ad on page one in its category.
We will rename this field in a future version of the endpoint to make this clearer.

Parameters
----------

=============    ========    ============================================================================
Name             Type        Description
=============    ========    ============================================================================
cpc              integer     The cpc value in euro cents for which to make the prediction. Mandatory field.
_include         string      Comma-separated-list of fields to include. Optional, default is all fields.
_exclude         string      Comma-separated-list of fields to omit. Optional, default empty.
=============    ========    ============================================================================

Errors
------

====================    ====    =======================     ==============================================================================
Field                   Code    Error message               Description
====================    ====    =======================     ==============================================================================
cpc                     2001    invalid argument            the provided value is not a valid number
====================    ====    =======================     ==============================================================================

Example
-------

.. include:: ../examples/get-ad-id-funnel-example.rst
