src/source/reference/get-ad-externalid-mapping.rst, before:

.. index:: GET /ad/mapping/externalids
.. _get_ad_mapping_externalids:

GET /ad/mapping/externalids
===========================

:ref:`get_ad_mapping_externalids_v2`

:ref:`get_ad_mapping_externalids_v1`


.. _get_ad_mapping_externalids_v2:

GET /ad/mapping/externalids v2
------------------------------

.. list-table::
 :widths: 20 80

 * - Scope
   - ``api_ro`` or ``console_ro``

 * - Accept
   - ``application/sellside.ad.external.id.mapping-v2+json, application/json``

This URL returns a map of adIds for the current user to the externalId the ad has.
This utility call is intended for uncommon usecases, such as when a client on-boards an already
existing admarkt user and needs to do a one-time sync of adIds vs externalIds, or
other cases where data got lost at the client.

.. warning::

	Ads without externalId will not be present in the resulting map.


The number of ads returned can be limited with the ``limit`` parameter.
The ``offset`` parameter allows to skip some ads and together with ``limit``
allows for pagination. The ``status`` parameter acts as a filter for ads in :ref:`ad_status_overview` and
has default value ``ACTIVE``.

Parameters
~~~~~~~~~~

===============  ============     ============================================================================
Name             Type             Description
===============  ============     ============================================================================
status           string           One of :ref:`ad_status_overview`. Default ``ACTIVE``.
limit            int              Limits the number of records returned. Default is 1000 and maximum is 10000.
offset           int              Skips the first N records.
===============  ============     ============================================================================

Example
"""""""

.. include:: ../examples/get-ad-mapping-externalids-v2-example.rst

.. _get_ad_mapping_externalids_v1:

GET /ad/mapping/externalids v1
------------------------------
.. warning::

    V1 is considered deprecated due bad scaling. Please use V2 instead. Keep in mind that
    V1 returned ads in statuses ``ACTIVE``, ``PAUSED``, ``BUDGET_REACHED`` and ``DAILY_BUDGET_REACHED``. To get
    the same results with V2 as V1 the caller will have to combine results from multiple calls.
    We do not have a date yet for actual removal of V1.

.. list-table::
 :widths: 20 80

 * - Scope
   - ``api_ro`` or ``console_ro``

 * - Accept
   - ``application/sellside.ad.external.id.mapping-v1+json, application/json``

This URL returns a map of adIds for the current user to the externalId the ad has.
This utility call is intended for uncommon usecases, such as when a client on-boards an already
existing admarkt user and needs to do a one-time sync of adIds vs externalIds, or
other cases where data got lost at the client.

.. warning::

	This call will only return mappings for non-deleted ads. Ads without externalId
	will also not be present in the resulting map.


The number of ads returned can be limited with the ``limit`` parameter.
The ``offset`` parameter allows to skip some ads and together with ``limit``
allows for pagination.

Parameters
~~~~~~~~~~

===============  ============     ============================================================================
Name             Type             Description
===============  ============     ============================================================================
limit            int              Limits the number of records returned. Default is 1000 and maximum is 10000.
offset           int              Skips the first N records.
===============  ============     ============================================================================

Example
"""""""

.. include:: ../examples/get-ad-mapping-externalids-v1-example.rst

Commit message:

add explicit warnings about deprecation on all pages that have deprecated versions

src/source/reference/get-ad-externalid-mapping.rst, after:

.. index:: GET /ad/mapping/externalids
.. _get_ad_mapping_externalids:

GET /ad/mapping/externalids
===========================

:ref:`get_ad_mapping_externalids_v2`

:ref:`get_ad_mapping_externalids_v1`

.. warning::

    :ref:`get_ad_mapping_externalids_v2` and :ref:`get_ad_mapping_externalids_v1` are now officially deprecated and scheduled for removal on May, 1st 2023. Please move to use vendorId instead.


.. _get_ad_mapping_externalids_v2:

GET /ad/mapping/externalids v2
------------------------------

.. list-table::
 :widths: 20 80

 * - Scope
   - ``api_ro`` or ``console_ro``

 * - Accept
   - ``application/sellside.ad.external.id.mapping-v2+json, application/json``

This URL returns a map of adIds for the current user to the externalId the ad has.
This utility call is intended for uncommon usecases, such as when a client on-boards an already
existing admarkt user and needs to do a one-time sync of adIds vs externalIds, or
other cases where data got lost at the client.

.. warning::

	Ads without externalId will not be present in the resulting map.


The number of ads returned can be limited with the ``limit`` parameter.
The ``offset`` parameter allows to skip some ads and together with ``limit``
allows for pagination. The ``status`` parameter acts as a filter for ads in :ref:`ad_status_overview` and
has default value ``ACTIVE``.

Parameters
~~~~~~~~~~

===============  ============     ============================================================================
Name             Type             Description
===============  ============     ============================================================================
status           string           One of :ref:`ad_status_overview`. Default ``ACTIVE``.
limit            int              Limits the number of records returned. Default is 1000 and maximum is 10000.
offset           int              Skips the first N records.
===============  ============     ============================================================================

Example
"""""""

.. include:: ../examples/get-ad-mapping-externalids-v2-example.rst

.. _get_ad_mapping_externalids_v1:

GET /ad/mapping/externalids v1
------------------------------
.. warning::

    V1 is considered deprecated due bad scaling. Please use V2 instead. Keep in mind that
    V1 returned ads in statuses ``ACTIVE``, ``PAUSED``, ``BUDGET_REACHED`` and ``DAILY_BUDGET_REACHED``. To get
    the same results with V2 as V1 the caller will have to combine results from multiple calls.
    We do not have a date yet for actual removal of V1.

.. list-table::
 :widths: 20 80

 * - Scope
   - ``api_ro`` or ``console_ro``

 * - Accept
   - ``application/sellside.ad.external.id.mapping-v1+json, application/json``

This URL returns a map of adIds for the current user to the externalId the ad has.
This utility call is intended for uncommon usecases, such as when a client on-boards an already
existing admarkt user and needs to do a one-time sync of adIds vs externalIds, or
other cases where data got lost at the client.

.. warning::

	This call will only return mappings for non-deleted ads. Ads without externalId
	will also not be present in the resulting map.


The number of ads returned can be limited with the ``limit`` parameter.
The ``offset`` parameter allows to skip some ads and together with ``limit``
allows for pagination.

Parameters
~~~~~~~~~~

===============  ============     ============================================================================
Name             Type             Description
===============  ============     ============================================================================
limit            int              Limits the number of records returned. Default is 1000 and maximum is 10000.
offset           int              Skips the first N records.
===============  ============     ============================================================================

Example
"""""""

.. include:: ../examples/get-ad-mapping-externalids-v1-example.rst
