src/source/reference/get-ad.rst, before:

.. index:: GET /ad
.. _ISO 8601: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601
.. _get_ad:

GET /ad
=======

:ref:`get_ad_v4` | :ref:`get_ad_v3`

.. warning::

    :ref:`get_ad_v3` is now officially deprecated and scheduled for removal (date TBD). Please move to use :ref:`get_ad_v4`. If you were not
    using ``startDate`` or ``endDate`` parameters in your calls the output will be the same in :ref:`get_ad_v4`.

.. _get_ad_v4:

GET /ad v4
----------

.. list-table::
 :widths: 20 80

 * - Scope
   - ``api_ro`` or ``console_ro``

 * - Accept
   - ``application/sellside.ad.list-v4+json, application/json``


.. note::

    The only backwards-incompatible change from :ref:`get_ad_v3` is with respect to the usage of ``startDate`` and ``endDate`` parameters.
    Namely, ads which were live during this selected period but did not receive a single click, impression, urlClick, etc (any visitors activity) will be filtered out.
    **This does not include ads which received updates anymore.**

    In addition, the response contains a field **statusReasons**. This field is currently used to indicate the reason why a certain ad might be set to a certain status by our system.
    This could be due to, for example, an action (like new website domain approval) pending from the user, which is a mechanism used to prevent account takeovers from setting the website URL to a malicious one.

Example
-------

.. include:: ../examples/get-ad-v4-example.rst


.. _get_ad_v3:

GET /ad v3
----------

.. list-table::
 :widths: 20 80

 * - Scope
   - ``api_ro`` or ``console_ro``

 * - Accept
   - ``application/sellside.ad.list-v3+json, application/json``

This URL returns a list of ads for the current user and the total size of the
result set matching the filter criteria.

The number of ads returned can be limited with the ``limit`` parameter.
The ``offset`` parameter allows to skip some ads and together with ``limit``
allows for pagination.

The ``status`` parameter returns only ads with the given status. The default
is to return only ads with status **ACTIVE**.

The ``orderBy`` and ``direction`` parameters control the sort field and
direction.

The ``titleKeywords`` parameter is case-insensitive and will include only ads
which contain the given keyword in their title.

The ``changedSince`` parameter can be used to retrieve only ads that have
:ref:`ad_dateLastUpdated` >= ``changedSince``. The ``changedSince`` value must be a
valid `ISO 8601`_ UTC date which usually lies in the past but cannot lie in
the future.

The ``changedSince`` parameter should only be combined with ``limit`` and
``offset``. Filtering by ``status`` and ``titleKeyword`` may be used but
``orderBy`` and ``direction`` cannot be changed since this would break the
pagination.

The ``remainingBudget`` parameter can be used to retrieve only ads whose remaining
budget (:ref:`ad_totalBudget` - :ref:`ad_spentBudget`) is below a given threshold.
The ``remainingBudget`` value must be an absolute integer number (e.g. **123**) or a
percentage (e.g. **10%**).

The ``startDate`` and ``endDate`` parameters can be used to define a period. The
values for both should be valid dates represented as 'yyyy-MM-dd', and the ``endDate``
should represent a date equal or after the ``startDate``. The ads returned have had
activity in this period. Note that ads which were live during this period but did
not recieve a single click, impression or urlClick, and did not have any updates
in this period, will be filtered out.

.. note::

    The fields :ref:`ad_pageNumber` and :ref:`ad_suggestedCpcForPageOne` are
    currently expensive to compute. If you do not need their values consider
    excluding them to speed up the response. To exclude the fields add the
    following parameter to the request URL. ::

        ?_exclude=pageNumber,suggestedCpcForPageOne

Caching all ads for a user
--------------------------

If an application needs to keep a cache of the entire set of ads for a user
then it should perform the following steps:

1. Fetch all ads by using ``limit`` and ``offset`` until all
ads have been retrieved. No filters should be used.

2. Retrieve updates by using ``changedSince``, ``limit`` and ``offset``. No
additional filters should be used. ``changedSince`` should be set to a value a
somewhat before (e.g. 1 min) of ``dateLastUpdated`` of the last modified ad.

Due to the nature of this system retrieving updates as described in step 2
will always return at least the ad that was modified last. Also, the API can
currently not guarantee that all updates are retrieved when ``changedSince``
is set to ``dateLastUpdated`` of the last modified ad. That's why you should
use ``dateLastUpdated`` - 1 minute. To determine whether an ad has changed
compare the ``dateLastUpdated`` value.

Unless you have a very small set of ads (< 10) do not retrieve all ads every
time since this will not give you decent performance and also puts unnecessary
load on the system.

Parameters
~~~~~~~~~~

===============  ============     ============================================================================
Name             Type             Description
===============  ============     ============================================================================
limit            int              Limits the number of records returned. Default **and** maximum is 100.
offset           int              Skips the first N records.
titleKeywords    string           Case-insensitive filter for a keyword in the title.
status           string           Filters the result set by the ad status. Should be a comma separated list of [ACTIVE, PAUSED, DELETED, DELETED_BY_CS, SUSPENDED_BY_CS, BUDGET_REACHED, DAILY_BUDGET_REACHED]. Default value is ACTIVE.
orderBy          string           Orders the result set by the given field. Default value is DATE_CREATED. See :ref:`order_by`.
direction        string           Determines the direction of the sort. Should be one of [ASCENDING, DESCENDING]. Default is ASCENDING.
changedSince     date             Returns ads which have ``changedSince`` >= ``dateLastUpdated``.
remainingBudget  string           Returns ads whose remaining budget is below a certain value (absolute number or a percentage).
startDate        string           Determines the startDate of the period to select ads with activity for.
endDate          string           Determines the endDate of the period to select ads with activity for.
externalId       string           Only ads matching this externalId will be returned. Optional.
categoryIds      list of ints     List of category id's to filter by. Only leaf category id's are useful, since ads can only be placed in leaf categories.
_include         string           Comma-separated-list of fields to include. Optional, default is all fields.
_exclude         string           Comma-separated-list of fields to omit. Optional, default empty.
===============  ============     ============================================================================

.. _order_by:

Order By
~~~~~~~~

===================   =================================================
Value                 Description
===================   =================================================
DATE_CREATED          Default. Will order ads by creation date.
DATE_LAST_UPDATED     Will order ads by last modification date.
STATUS                Will order ads by Status; This is an internally defined ordering intended to have ads requiring attention on top/bottom, depending on direction.
CLICKS                Will order ads by lifetime number of clicks received.
TITLE                 Will order ads alphabetically by title
CPC                   Will order ads by current CPC
SPENT                 Will order ads by lifetime spent amount
REMAINING_BUDGET      Will order ads by current remaining budget
===================   =================================================


Errors
~~~~~~

====================    ====    =======================     ==============================================================================
Field                   Code    Error message               Description
====================    ====    =======================     ==============================================================================
limit                   2001    invalid argument            not a valid number
limit                   2002    out of range                less than 1 or greater than 100.
offset                  2001    invalid argument            not a valid number
offset                  2002    out of range                less than 0.
titleKeywords           2004    value too short             must be 3 characters or more.
status                  2001    invalid argument            not a recognised status to filter on
orderBy                 2001    invalid argument            not a recognised orderBy to filter on
direction               2001    invalid argument            not a recognised direction to filter on
changedSince            2001    invalid argument            not a valid date
changedSince            2002    out of range                date is in the future
remainingBudget         2001    invalid argument            remaining budget is not an integer or an integer percentage (e.g. **10%**)
startDate               2001    invalid argument            startDate should be a valid date in form 'yyyy-MM-dd'
endDate                 2001    invalid argument            endDate should be a valid date in form 'yyyy-MM-dd'
startDate/endDate       2002    out of range                endDate should be equal or after startDate
====================    ====    =======================     ==============================================================================


Example
-------

.. include:: ../examples/get-ad-v3-example.rst

Commit message:

duplicate warning closer to get ad v3 link landing point

src/source/reference/get-ad.rst, after:

.. index:: GET /ad
.. _ISO 8601: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601
.. _get_ad:

GET /ad
=======

:ref:`get_ad_v4` | :ref:`get_ad_v3`

.. warning::

    :ref:`get_ad_v3` is now officially deprecated and scheduled for removal (date TBD). Please move to use :ref:`get_ad_v4`. If you were not
    using ``startDate`` or ``endDate`` parameters in your calls the output will be the same in :ref:`get_ad_v4`.

.. _get_ad_v4:

GET /ad v4
----------

.. list-table::
 :widths: 20 80

 * - Scope
   - ``api_ro`` or ``console_ro``

 * - Accept
   - ``application/sellside.ad.list-v4+json, application/json``


.. note::

    The only backwards-incompatible change from :ref:`get_ad_v3` is with respect to the usage of ``startDate`` and ``endDate`` parameters.
    Namely, ads which were live during this selected period but did not receive a single click, impression, urlClick, etc (any visitors activity) will be filtered out.
    **This does not include ads which received updates anymore.**

    In addition, the response contains a field **statusReasons**. This field is currently used to indicate the reason why a certain ad might be set to a certain status by our system.
    This could be due to, for example, an action (like new website domain approval) pending from the user, which is a mechanism used to prevent account takeovers from setting the website URL to a malicious one.

Example
-------

.. include:: ../examples/get-ad-v4-example.rst


.. _get_ad_v3:

GET /ad v3
----------

.. warning::

    :ref:`get_ad_v3` is now officially deprecated and scheduled for removal (date TBD). Please move to use :ref:`get_ad_v4`. If you were not
    using ``startDate`` or ``endDate`` parameters in your calls the output will be the same in :ref:`get_ad_v4`.

.. list-table::
 :widths: 20 80

 * - Scope
   - ``api_ro`` or ``console_ro``

 * - Accept
   - ``application/sellside.ad.list-v3+json, application/json``

This URL returns a list of ads for the current user and the total size of the
result set matching the filter criteria.

The number of ads returned can be limited with the ``limit`` parameter.
The ``offset`` parameter allows to skip some ads and together with ``limit``
allows for pagination.

The ``status`` parameter returns only ads with the given status. The default
is to return only ads with status **ACTIVE**.

The ``orderBy`` and ``direction`` parameters control the sort field and
direction.

The ``titleKeywords`` parameter is case-insensitive and will include only ads
which contain the given keyword in their title.

The ``changedSince`` parameter can be used to retrieve only ads that have
:ref:`ad_dateLastUpdated` >= ``changedSince``. The ``changedSince`` value must be a
valid `ISO 8601`_ UTC date which usually lies in the past but cannot lie in
the future.

The ``changedSince`` parameter should only be combined with ``limit`` and
``offset``. Filtering by ``status`` and ``titleKeyword`` may be used but
``orderBy`` and ``direction`` cannot be changed since this would break the
pagination.

The ``remainingBudget`` parameter can be used to retrieve only ads whose remaining
budget (:ref:`ad_totalBudget` - :ref:`ad_spentBudget`) is below a given threshold.
The ``remainingBudget`` value must be an absolute integer number (e.g. **123**) or a
percentage (e.g. **10%**).

The ``startDate`` and ``endDate`` parameters can be used to define a period. The
values for both should be valid dates represented as 'yyyy-MM-dd', and the ``endDate``
should represent a date equal or after the ``startDate``. The ads returned have had
activity in this period. Note that ads which were live during this period but did
not recieve a single click, impression or urlClick, and did not have any updates
in this period, will be filtered out.

.. note::

    The fields :ref:`ad_pageNumber` and :ref:`ad_suggestedCpcForPageOne` are
    currently expensive to compute. If you do not need their values consider
    excluding them to speed up the response. To exclude the fields add the
    following parameter to the request URL. ::

        ?_exclude=pageNumber,suggestedCpcForPageOne

Caching all ads for a user
--------------------------

If an application needs to keep a cache of the entire set of ads for a user
then it should perform the following steps:

1. Fetch all ads by using ``limit`` and ``offset`` until all
ads have been retrieved. No filters should be used.

2. Retrieve updates by using ``changedSince``, ``limit`` and ``offset``. No
additional filters should be used. ``changedSince`` should be set to a value a
somewhat before (e.g. 1 min) of ``dateLastUpdated`` of the last modified ad.

Due to the nature of this system retrieving updates as described in step 2
will always return at least the ad that was modified last. Also, the API can
currently not guarantee that all updates are retrieved when ``changedSince``
is set to ``dateLastUpdated`` of the last modified ad. That's why you should
use ``dateLastUpdated`` - 1 minute. To determine whether an ad has changed
compare the ``dateLastUpdated`` value.

Unless you have a very small set of ads (< 10) do not retrieve all ads every
time since this will not give you decent performance and also puts unnecessary
load on the system.

Parameters
~~~~~~~~~~

===============  ============     ============================================================================
Name             Type             Description
===============  ============     ============================================================================
limit            int              Limits the number of records returned. Default **and** maximum is 100.
offset           int              Skips the first N records.
titleKeywords    string           Case-insensitive filter for a keyword in the title.
status           string           Filters the result set by the ad status. Should be a comma separated list of [ACTIVE, PAUSED, DELETED, DELETED_BY_CS, SUSPENDED_BY_CS, BUDGET_REACHED, DAILY_BUDGET_REACHED]. Default value is ACTIVE.
orderBy          string           Orders the result set by the given field. Default value is DATE_CREATED. See :ref:`order_by`.
direction        string           Determines the direction of the sort. Should be one of [ASCENDING, DESCENDING]. Default is ASCENDING.
changedSince     date             Returns ads which have ``changedSince`` >= ``dateLastUpdated``.
remainingBudget  string           Returns ads whose remaining budget is below a certain value (absolute number or a percentage).
startDate        string           Determines the startDate of the period to select ads with activity for.
endDate          string           Determines the endDate of the period to select ads with activity for.
externalId       string           Only ads matching this externalId will be returned. Optional.
categoryIds      list of ints     List of category id's to filter by. Only leaf category id's are useful, since ads can only be placed in leaf categories.
_include         string           Comma-separated-list of fields to include. Optional, default is all fields.
_exclude         string           Comma-separated-list of fields to omit. Optional, default empty.
===============  ============     ============================================================================

.. _order_by:

Order By
~~~~~~~~

===================   =================================================
Value                 Description
===================   =================================================
DATE_CREATED          Default. Will order ads by creation date.
DATE_LAST_UPDATED     Will order ads by last modification date.
STATUS                Will order ads by Status; This is an internally defined ordering intended to have ads requiring attention on top/bottom, depending on direction.
CLICKS                Will order ads by lifetime number of clicks received.
TITLE                 Will order ads alphabetically by title
CPC                   Will order ads by current CPC
SPENT                 Will order ads by lifetime spent amount
REMAINING_BUDGET      Will order ads by current remaining budget
===================   =================================================


Errors
~~~~~~

====================    ====    =======================     ==============================================================================
Field                   Code    Error message               Description
====================    ====    =======================     ==============================================================================
limit                   2001    invalid argument            not a valid number
limit                   2002    out of range                less than 1 or greater than 100.
offset                  2001    invalid argument            not a valid number
offset                  2002    out of range                less than 0.
titleKeywords           2004    value too short             must be 3 characters or more.
status                  2001    invalid argument            not a recognised status to filter on
orderBy                 2001    invalid argument            not a recognised orderBy to filter on
direction               2001    invalid argument            not a recognised direction to filter on
changedSince            2001    invalid argument            not a valid date
changedSince            2002    out of range                date is in the future
remainingBudget         2001    invalid argument            remaining budget is not an integer or an integer percentage (e.g. **10%**)
startDate               2001    invalid argument            startDate should be a valid date in form 'yyyy-MM-dd'
endDate                 2001    invalid argument            endDate should be a valid date in form 'yyyy-MM-dd'
startDate/endDate       2002    out of range                endDate should be equal or after startDate
====================    ====    =======================     ==============================================================================


Example
-------

.. include:: ../examples/get-ad-v3-example.rst
