src/source/reference/post-report-detail.rst, before:

.. index:: POST /report/detail
.. _post_report_detail:

POST /report/detail
===================

.. list-table::
 :widths: 20 80

 * - Scope
   - ``console_rw`` or ``api_rw``

 * - Accept
   - ``application/sellside.report.detail.response-v1+json, application/json``

 * - Content-Type
   - ``application/sellside.report.detail.request-v1+json; charset=utf-8``

This URL requests a new report for the current user. Creating the report may
take a long time which depends on the number of ads and the requested date
range. Therefore you

1. Request a new report with `POST /report/detail` which returns a unique id
2. Poll `GET /report/detail` until the id is in the result
3. Fetch the report with `GET /report/detail/{id}`

Fields
~~~~~~

Field of the report request is as follows:

==============  ======  ==================  ========================================================
Field           Type    Mandatory           Description
==============  ======  ==================  ========================================================
startDate       string  yes                 Start date of the report in yyyy-MM-dd format
endDate         string  yes                 End date of the report in yyyy-MM-dd format (inclusive)
includeDeleted  bool    no                  Deleted ads are included/excluded. Default `false`
==============  ======  ==================  ========================================================

Errors
~~~~~~

Both `startDate` and `endDate` fields in the request must be in yyyy-MM-dd format. Both fields must point to dates in the past.

====================    ====    =======================     ==============================================================================
Field                   Code    Error message               Description
====================    ====    =======================     ==============================================================================
startDate               2000    missing argument            The field `startDate` was missing
startDate               2001    invalid argument            The value of field `startDate` was invalid
startDate               2002    out of range                The value of the field `startDate` was out of range
startDate               2004    too short                   The minimum length of field `startDate` is 1 characters
endDate                 2000    missing argument            The field `endDate` was missing
endDate                 2001    invalid argument            The value of field `endDate` was invalid
endDate                 2002    out of range                The value of the field `endDate` was out of range
endDate                 2004    too short                   The minimum length of field `endDate` is 1 characters
====================    ====    =======================     ==============================================================================

Example Request
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. include:: ../examples/post-report-detail-req-example.rst

Example Response
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. include:: ../examples/post-report-detail-res-example.rst

Commit message:

GET /metrics/report was undocumented, also refer to newer replacements in all report API endpoints

src/source/reference/post-report-detail.rst, after:

.. index:: POST /report/detail
.. _post_report_detail:

POST /report/detail
===================

.. list-table::
 :widths: 20 80

 * - Scope
   - ``console_rw`` or ``api_rw``

 * - Accept
   - ``application/sellside.report.detail.response-v1+json, application/json``

 * - Content-Type
   - ``application/sellside.report.detail.request-v1+json; charset=utf-8``


.. warning::

	This call is scheduled to be deprecated. Please
	use the faster and synchronous replacement endpoint :ref:`get_metrics_ads` instead.


This URL requests a new report for the current user. Creating the report may
take a long time which depends on the number of ads and the requested date
range. Therefore you

1. Request a new report with `POST /report/detail` which returns a unique id
2. Poll `GET /report/detail` until the id is in the result
3. Fetch the report with `GET /report/detail/{id}`

Fields
~~~~~~

Field of the report request is as follows:

==============  ======  ==================  ========================================================
Field           Type    Mandatory           Description
==============  ======  ==================  ========================================================
startDate       string  yes                 Start date of the report in yyyy-MM-dd format
endDate         string  yes                 End date of the report in yyyy-MM-dd format (inclusive)
includeDeleted  bool    no                  Deleted ads are included/excluded. Default `false`
==============  ======  ==================  ========================================================

Errors
~~~~~~

Both `startDate` and `endDate` fields in the request must be in yyyy-MM-dd format. Both fields must point to dates in the past.

====================    ====    =======================     ==============================================================================
Field                   Code    Error message               Description
====================    ====    =======================     ==============================================================================
startDate               2000    missing argument            The field `startDate` was missing
startDate               2001    invalid argument            The value of field `startDate` was invalid
startDate               2002    out of range                The value of the field `startDate` was out of range
startDate               2004    too short                   The minimum length of field `startDate` is 1 characters
endDate                 2000    missing argument            The field `endDate` was missing
endDate                 2001    invalid argument            The value of field `endDate` was invalid
endDate                 2002    out of range                The value of the field `endDate` was out of range
endDate                 2004    too short                   The minimum length of field `endDate` is 1 characters
====================    ====    =======================     ==============================================================================

Example Request
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. include:: ../examples/post-report-detail-req-example.rst

Example Response
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. include:: ../examples/post-report-detail-res-example.rst
