src/source/reference/post-campaign-budgets.rst, before:

.. index:: POST /campaign/{id}/budgets

POST /campaign/{id}/budgets
============================

.. list-table::
 :widths: 20 80

 * - Scope
   - ``api_rw`` or ``console_rw``

 * - Accept
   - ``application/sellside.campaign-budgets-v2+json, application/json``

 * - Content-Type
   - ``application/sellside.campaign-budgets-v2+json, application/json``

Updates the budgets limits for the specified campaign (see :ref:`Campaign Budgets Object <campaign-budgets-object>` for more). If the ``id`` is invalid, i.e., not a positive integer, the server returns *400 Bad Request.*
Any previous budgets limits on the specified campaign will be overwritten. Any budget type which is not included in the payload, will be set to **-1 (Unlimited**).

Setting a budget on a campaign in a ``DELETED`` state is not allowed.

Examples:
---------

.. include:: ../examples/post-campaign-budgets-example-v2.rst
.. include:: ../examples/post-campaign-budgets-example2-v2.rst


The ``spent`` values in each budget type are **read-only**.

Commit message:

POST /campaign/{id}/budgets partial update are not allowed

src/source/reference/post-campaign-budgets.rst, after:

.. index:: POST /campaign/{id}/budgets

POST /campaign/{id}/budgets
============================

.. list-table::
 :widths: 20 80

 * - Scope
   - ``api_rw`` or ``console_rw``

 * - Accept
   - ``application/sellside.campaign-budgets-v2+json, application/json``

 * - Content-Type
   - ``application/sellside.campaign-budgets-v2+json, application/json``

Updates the budgets limits for the specified campaign (see :ref:`Campaign Budgets Object <campaign-budgets-object>` for more). If the ``id`` is invalid, i.e., not a positive integer, the server returns *400 Bad Request.*
Any previous budgets limits on the specified campaign will be overwritten. Any budget type which is not included in the payload, will be set to **-1 (Unlimited**). All types of budgets (``Daily``, ``Monthly``, ``Total``) should be sent while updating or empty object, in which case will be created **-1 (Unlimited**). Partial update are not allowed.

Setting a budget on a campaign in a ``DELETED`` state is not allowed.

Examples:
---------

.. include:: ../examples/post-campaign-budgets-example-v2.rst
.. include:: ../examples/post-campaign-budgets-example2-v2.rst


The ``spent`` values in each budget type are **read-only**.
