src/source/ads.rst, before:

.. _ISO 4217: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_4217
.. _ISO 8601: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601
.. index:: Ads, Advertisments
.. _ads:

Advertisements
==============

Advertisements or ads are the main resource on the Sellside API. You can
create, update and delete them, change the status and get a list of your ads.
Through the API you only have access to your own ads. Ads from other
advertisers are not accessible to you.

.. _ad-fields:

Fields
------

..  role:: strike

Each ad has a unique identifier by which the ad can retrieved and a set of
required and optional fields which are listed below:

=================================   ========== ================   =========   ========
Field                               Type       Constraints        Mandatory   Writable
=================================   ========== ================   =========   ========
:ref:`ad_id`                        long       positive                       no
:ref:`ad_title`                     string     max. 60 chars      yes         yes
:ref:`ad_description`               string     max. 20000 chars   yes         yes
:ref:`ad_categoryId`                int        positive           yes         no
:ref:`ad_externalId`                string     max. 64 chars      yes         yes
:ref:`ad_status`                    string     enum               yes         yes
:ref:`ad_currency`                  string     cat.Currency       yes         no
:ref:`ad_priceType`                 string     enum               yes         yes
:ref:`ad_price`                     long       positive           yes         yes
:ref:`ad_cpc`                       long       positive           no          yes
:ref:`ad_totalBudget`               long       positive           no          yes
:ref:`ad_dailyBudget`               long       positive           no          yes
:ref:`ad_spentBudget`               long       positive                       no
:ref:`ad_salutation`                string     enum               yes         yes
:ref:`ad_sellerName`                string     max. 60 chars      yes         yes
:ref:`ad_postcode`                  string     max. 6 chars       yes         yes
:ref:`ad_regionId`                  long       positive           no          yes
:ref:`ad_pageNumber`                int        --                 no          no
:ref:`ad_suggestedCpcForPageOne`    long       --                 no          no
:ref:`ad_phoneNumber`               string     max. 32 chars      no          yes
:ref:`ad_allowContactByEmail`       bool       --                 no          yes
:ref:`ad_dateCreated`               date       --                             no
:ref:`ad_dateLastUpdated`           date       --                             no
:ref:`ad_dateDeleted`               date       --                             no
:ref:`ad_links`                     object     --                             no
:ref:`ad_links_self`                string     max. 2048 chars    no          no
:ref:`ad_links_category`            string     max. 2048 chars    no          no
:ref:`ad_links_url`                 string     max. 2048 chars    no          yes
:ref:`ad_links_displayUrl`          string     max. 256 chars     no          yes
:ref:`ad_images`                    array      max. 8 items       no          yes
:ref:`ad_attributes`                array      --                 no          yes
:ref:`ad_shippingOptions`           array      see below          yes         yes
:ref:`ad_priceUnit`                 string     see below          no          yes
:strike:`buyItNowEnabled`           deprecated --                 --          --
:strike:`paypalEmail`               deprecated --                 --          --
=================================   ========== ================   =========   ========

.. warning::

    The fields :strike:`buyItNowEnabled` and :strike:`paypalEmail` are deprecated and
    are not returned with an ad. They will be completely removed on 1\ :sup:`st` July 2015.

.. index:: id
.. _ad_id:

id
""

Unique reference to the iCAS ad, needs to be omitted in a POST or PUT
action.

.. index:: title
.. _ad_title:

title
"""""

Any string up to 60 characters. URLs are not allowed as part of the title.

.. index:: description
.. _ad_description:

description
"""""""""""

The description field of the ad. All HTML elements except for the ones below
will be removed:

.. code-block:: html

    <i> <em> <b> <strong> <ul> <li> <u> <br/>

.. index:: categoryId
.. _ad_categoryId:

categoryId
""""""""""

The category in which the ad is placed.

An integer value from the category list. Must be an id of a category with a
non-zero parent id.

.. index:: externalId
.. _ad_externalId:

externalId
""""""""""

Any non-empty string with a maximum length of 64 characters. Should be unique
per customer. This field is mandatory when creating an ad through the Sellside
API. However, it is not required when the ad is being created through one of
the other flows. When fetching an existing ad which was not created through
the Sellside API it is possible that the **externalId** field is empty or
omitted.

.. index:: status
.. _ad_status:

status
""""""

Is a valid value from the list of :ref:`ad_status`. The user can set only one
of the user controlled states *ACTIVE*, *PAUSED* or *DELETED*.

.. index:: currency
.. _ad_currency:

currency
""""""""

The `ISO 4217`_ currency code. Currently only *EUR* is supported. All Euro
amount values are stored in cents, i.e. EUR 10.50 are represented as 1050.

.. index:: priceType
.. _ad_priceType:

priceType
"""""""""

Must be a valid price type identifier from the list of :ref:`price_types`.

.. index:: price
.. _ad_price:

priceUnit
"""""""""

Must be a valid price unit identifier from the list of available price units
of the category.

.. index:: priceUnit
.. _ad_priceUnit:

price
"""""

The meaning of the value depends on :ref:`ad_priceType`. If it is
`FIXED_PRICE` or `BIDDING_FROM` then **price** has to be greater than 0.

.. index:: cpc
.. _ad_cpc:

cpc
"""

The cost per click as defined by the seller. The minimum and maximum values
depend on the category.

.. index:: totalBudget
.. _ad_totalBudget:

totalBudget
"""""""""""

The total budget for the ad. The minimum and maximum values depend on the
category. When an ad is updated this value cannot be lower than the
:ref:`ad_spentBudget`.
If the total budget is not returned with the ad, it means there is an unlimited total budget.

.. index:: dailyBudget
.. _ad_dailyBudget:

dailyBudget
"""""""""""

The daily budget for the ad. When this value is reached the ad will be paused
for the rest of the day. The minimum value depends on the category. Maximum value
cannot be higher than the :ref:`ad_totalBudget`

To disable the dailyBudget for an ad set it to ``null``.

.. index:: spentBudget
.. _ad_spentBudget:

spentBudget
"""""""""""

The total amount of the budget that has been used so far.

.. index:: salutation
.. _ad_salutation:

salutation
""""""""""

The salutation as used in emails. Must be a valid salutation identifier from
**MALE**, **FEMALE**, **COMPANY** or **FAMILY**

.. index:: sellerName
.. _ad_sellerName:

sellerName
""""""""""

Display name of the seller (max. 60 characters).

.. index:: postcode
.. _ad_postcode:

postcode
""""""""

Must be an non empty string.

.. index:: regionId
.. _ad_regionId:

regionId
""""""""""

The region in which the ad is placed.
A long value from the region tree. Must be the id of a leaf region.

Each ad belongs to one and only one region and region of an ad cannot be updated.

This field is mandatory if the `region` field of category configuration is ``MANDATORY``
and optional if the `region` field is ``OPTIONAL``.
This field must be omitted if the `region` field of category configuration is ``DISABLED``.

Please refer to :ref:`categories_v2` and :ref:`regions`

.. index:: pageNumber
.. _ad_pageNumber:

pageNumber
""""""""""

Page number on which this ad is shown. Page number is highly volatile and
might change very quickly depending on the performance of the ad.

The fields :ref:`ad_pageNumber` and :ref:`ad_suggestedCpcForPageOne` are
currently expensive to compute. If you do not need their values consider
excluding them to speed up the response. To exclude the fields add the
following parameter to the request URL. ::

    ?_exclude=pageNumber,suggestedCpcForPageOne

.. index:: suggestedCpcForPageOne
.. _ad_suggestedCpcForPageOne:

suggestedCpcForPageOne
""""""""""""""""""""""

Suggested CPC value in euro cents for this ad to be shown on page one.
This value is very volatile and might change very quickly depending on the
performance of the ad.

The fields :ref:`ad_pageNumber` and :ref:`ad_suggestedCpcForPageOne` are
currently expensive to compute. If you do not need their values consider
excluding them to speed up the response. To exclude the fields add the
following parameter to the request URL. ::

    ?_exclude=pageNumber,suggestedCpcForPageOne



.. index:: phoneNumber
.. _ad_phoneNumber:

phoneNumber
"""""""""""

The phone number of the advertiser as international phone number format, e.g.
+31207894561 or as a local phone number, e.g. 06789456612. 0900 and 0800
numbers are not allowed.

.. index:: allowContactByEmail
.. _ad_allowContactByEmail:

allowContactByEmail
"""""""""""""""""""

Flag for allowing emails to be sent to the advertiser.

.. index:: dateCreated
.. _ad_dateCreated:

dateCreated
"""""""""""

The `ISO 8601`_ UTC date and time the ad was created.

.. index:: dateLastUpdated
.. _ad_dateLastUpdated:

dateLastUpdated
"""""""""""""""

The `ISO 8601`_ UTC date and time the ad was last updated.

.. index:: dateDeleted
.. _ad_dateDeleted:

dateDeleted
"""""""""""

The `ISO 8601`_ UTC date and time the ad was deleted. Omitted if the ad is
still active or paused.

.. index:: links.self
.. _ad_links:
.. _ad_links_self:

links.self
""""""""""

A link referencing the current ad. This will be provided by the Sellside API.

.. index:: links.category
.. _ad_links_category:

links.category
""""""""""""""

A link referencing the category the ad is placed in. This will be provided by
the Sellside API.

.. index:: links.url
.. _ad_links_url:

links.url
"""""""""

An external URL that is shown on the ad page. This must be a valid http(s)
url.

.. index:: links.displayUrl
.. _ad_links_displayUrl:

links.displayUrl
""""""""""""""""

The text/url that will be displayed instead of the url in :ref:`ad_links_url`.

.. index:: images
.. _ad_images:

Images
------

Each ad can contain up to eight (8) images which can be provided by the caller
as a set of URLs. iCAS will download the images and if they meet the
requirements then they will be stored on iCAS servers in several sizes
so that they can then be used by the user.

An image is valid if it is in JPG, PNG, GIF or BMP format and is smaller than 8MB
in size. Images larger than 1024x1024 px are being scaled down.

The images will be shown in the order they are provided. The first image is
shown in search results and it is the main image on the item page on
Marktplaats.

.. index:: image objects
.. _ad_image_objects:

Image Objects
"""""""""""""

When an ad is created or updated the caller provides the images as a list of
image objects which contain only the source url.

.. code-block:: javascript

    "images": [
        {
            "src": "http://www.ourshop.com/img/brother_fax_big.jpg",
        },
        ...
     ]

The images are then downloaded by iCAS and the server adds additional
fields which describe the status of the download.

.. code-block:: javascript

    "images": [
        {
            "src": "http://www.ourshop.com/img/brother_fax_big.jpg",
            "status": "OK",
            "dateLastUpdated": "2012-09-10T13:11:05Z",
            "links": {
                "50x70": "//i.marktplaats.nl/image23434_abc.jpg",
                "120x180": "//i.marktplaats.nl/image23434_def.jpg",
            }
        }
        ...
     ]

The server adds a ``status`` field indicating the status of the download. The
status is either **OK** (image was successfully downloaded), **PENDING**
(image is scheduled to be downloaded) or **FAILED** if the image was not found
or invalid.

If the ``status`` is **OK** then a **links** map is added which contains
*protocol agnostic* links to copies on the iCAS servers of the uploaded image
in various sizes. The dimensions are specified as *max width* x *max height*.

The server also adds the ``dateLastUpdated`` field which specifies the time
the image was last updated.

.. note::

    The caller can provide all the fields added by the server since
    they will be ignored.

.. index:: attributes
.. _ad_attributes:

attributes
""""""""""

An optional list of :ref:`user_defined_attributes`.

.. index:: shippingOptions
.. _ad_shippingOptions:

shippingOptions
"""""""""""""""

A list of shipping options available for this ad. Each ad must contain at least one shipping option.
Ads can contain maximum one shipping option per shipping option type.

Shipping option has the following fields:

.. list-table::
 :widths: 20 30 50
 :header-rows: 1

 * - Field
   - Mandatory
   - Description

 * - `type`
   - Mandatory
   - *SHIP* or *PICKUP*. *SHIP* means the item can be delivered to the buyer. *PICKUP* means the item can be picked up.

 * - `cost`
   - Optional
   - Cost of shipping. Only valid when type is *SHIP*. Must be greater than or equal to 0.

 * - `time`
   - Optional
   - Cost of shipping. Only valid when type is *SHIP*. Must be greater than or equal to 0.

 * - `pickupLocation`
   - Mandatory when type is *PICKUP*
   - Pick up location of the item.


.. code-block:: javascript

    "shippingOptions": [
        {"type": "SHIP", "cost": 0, "time":"2d-5d"},
        {"type": "PICKUP", "pickupLocation":"1097DN"}
     ]

.. _ad_example:

Example
-------

.. include:: examples/get-ad-id-v2-example.rst

Commit message:

Added maximum price value of 10000000000 Euro cents

src/source/ads.rst, after:

.. _ISO 4217: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_4217
.. _ISO 8601: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601
.. index:: Ads, Advertisments
.. _ads:

Advertisements
==============

Advertisements or ads are the main resource on the Sellside API. You can
create, update and delete them, change the status and get a list of your ads.
Through the API you only have access to your own ads. Ads from other
advertisers are not accessible to you.

.. _ad-fields:

Fields
------

..  role:: strike

Each ad has a unique identifier by which the ad can retrieved and a set of
required and optional fields which are listed below:

=================================   ========== ================   =========   ========
Field                               Type       Constraints        Mandatory   Writable
=================================   ========== ================   =========   ========
:ref:`ad_id`                        long       positive                       no
:ref:`ad_title`                     string     max. 60 chars      yes         yes
:ref:`ad_description`               string     max. 20000 chars   yes         yes
:ref:`ad_categoryId`                int        positive           yes         no
:ref:`ad_externalId`                string     max. 64 chars      yes         yes
:ref:`ad_status`                    string     enum               yes         yes
:ref:`ad_currency`                  string     cat.Currency       yes         no
:ref:`ad_priceType`                 string     enum               yes         yes
:ref:`ad_priceUnit`                 string     see below          no          yes
:ref:`ad_price`                     long       see below          see below   yes
:ref:`ad_cpc`                       long       positive           no          yes
:ref:`ad_totalBudget`               long       positive           no          yes
:ref:`ad_dailyBudget`               long       positive           no          yes
:ref:`ad_spentBudget`               long       positive                       no
:ref:`ad_salutation`                string     enum               yes         yes
:ref:`ad_sellerName`                string     max. 60 chars      yes         yes
:ref:`ad_postcode`                  string     max. 6 chars       yes         yes
:ref:`ad_regionId`                  long       positive           no          yes
:ref:`ad_pageNumber`                int        --                 no          no
:ref:`ad_suggestedCpcForPageOne`    long       --                 no          no
:ref:`ad_phoneNumber`               string     max. 32 chars      no          yes
:ref:`ad_allowContactByEmail`       bool       --                 no          yes
:ref:`ad_dateCreated`               date       --                             no
:ref:`ad_dateLastUpdated`           date       --                             no
:ref:`ad_dateDeleted`               date       --                             no
:ref:`ad_links`                     object     --                             no
:ref:`ad_links_self`                string     max. 2048 chars    no          no
:ref:`ad_links_category`            string     max. 2048 chars    no          no
:ref:`ad_links_url`                 string     max. 2048 chars    no          yes
:ref:`ad_links_displayUrl`          string     max. 256 chars     no          yes
:ref:`ad_images`                    array      max. 8 items       no          yes
:ref:`ad_attributes`                array      --                 no          yes
:ref:`ad_shippingOptions`           array      see below          yes         yes
:strike:`buyItNowEnabled`           deprecated --                 --          --
:strike:`paypalEmail`               deprecated --                 --          --
=================================   ========== ================   =========   ========

.. warning::

    The fields :strike:`buyItNowEnabled` and :strike:`paypalEmail` are deprecated and
    are not returned with an ad. They will be completely removed on 1\ :sup:`st` July 2015.

.. index:: id
.. _ad_id:

id
""

Unique reference to the iCAS ad, needs to be omitted in a POST or PUT
action.

.. index:: title
.. _ad_title:

title
"""""

Any string up to 60 characters. URLs are not allowed as part of the title.

.. index:: description
.. _ad_description:

description
"""""""""""

The description field of the ad. All HTML elements except for the ones below
will be removed:

.. code-block:: html

    <i> <em> <b> <strong> <ul> <li> <u> <br/>

.. index:: categoryId
.. _ad_categoryId:

categoryId
""""""""""

The category in which the ad is placed.

An integer value from the category list. Must be an id of a category with a
non-zero parent id.

.. index:: externalId
.. _ad_externalId:

externalId
""""""""""

Any non-empty string with a maximum length of 64 characters. Should be unique
per customer. This field is mandatory when creating an ad through the Sellside
API. However, it is not required when the ad is being created through one of
the other flows. When fetching an existing ad which was not created through
the Sellside API it is possible that the **externalId** field is empty or
omitted.

.. index:: status
.. _ad_status:

status
""""""

Is a valid value from the list of :ref:`ad_status`. The user can set only one
of the user controlled states *ACTIVE*, *PAUSED* or *DELETED*.

.. index:: currency
.. _ad_currency:

currency
""""""""

The `ISO 4217`_ currency code. Currently only *EUR* is supported. All Euro
amount values are stored in cents, i.e. EUR 10.50 are represented as 1050.

.. index:: priceType
.. _ad_priceType:

priceType
"""""""""

Must be a valid price type identifier from the list of :ref:`price_types`.

.. index:: priceUnit
.. _ad_priceUnit:

priceUnit
"""""""""

Must be a valid price unit identifier from the list of available price units
of the category.

.. index:: price
.. _ad_price:

price
"""""

The meaning of the value depends on :ref:`ad_priceType`. If it is
`FIXED_PRICE` or `BIDDING_FROM` then **price** has to be greater than 0.
The maximum allowed **price** is ``10000000000`` Euro cents (100.000.000 Euros).

.. index:: cpc
.. _ad_cpc:

cpc
"""

The cost per click as defined by the seller. The minimum and maximum values
depend on the category.

.. index:: totalBudget
.. _ad_totalBudget:

totalBudget
"""""""""""

The total budget for the ad. The minimum and maximum values depend on the
category. When an ad is updated this value cannot be lower than the
:ref:`ad_spentBudget`.
If the total budget is not returned with the ad, it means there is an unlimited total budget.

.. index:: dailyBudget
.. _ad_dailyBudget:

dailyBudget
"""""""""""

The daily budget for the ad. When this value is reached the ad will be paused
for the rest of the day. The minimum value depends on the category. Maximum value
cannot be higher than the :ref:`ad_totalBudget`

To disable the dailyBudget for an ad set it to ``null``.

.. index:: spentBudget
.. _ad_spentBudget:

spentBudget
"""""""""""

The total amount of the budget that has been used so far.

.. index:: salutation
.. _ad_salutation:

salutation
""""""""""

The salutation as used in emails. Must be a valid salutation identifier from
**MALE**, **FEMALE**, **COMPANY** or **FAMILY**

.. index:: sellerName
.. _ad_sellerName:

sellerName
""""""""""

Display name of the seller (max. 60 characters).

.. index:: postcode
.. _ad_postcode:

postcode
""""""""

Must be an non empty string.

.. index:: regionId
.. _ad_regionId:

regionId
""""""""""

The region in which the ad is placed.
A long value from the region tree. Must be the id of a leaf region.

Each ad belongs to one and only one region and region of an ad cannot be updated.

This field is mandatory if the `region` field of category configuration is ``MANDATORY``
and optional if the `region` field is ``OPTIONAL``.
This field must be omitted if the `region` field of category configuration is ``DISABLED``.

Please refer to :ref:`categories_v2` and :ref:`regions`

.. index:: pageNumber
.. _ad_pageNumber:

pageNumber
""""""""""

Page number on which this ad is shown. Page number is highly volatile and
might change very quickly depending on the performance of the ad.

The fields :ref:`ad_pageNumber` and :ref:`ad_suggestedCpcForPageOne` are
currently expensive to compute. If you do not need their values consider
excluding them to speed up the response. To exclude the fields add the
following parameter to the request URL. ::

    ?_exclude=pageNumber,suggestedCpcForPageOne

.. index:: suggestedCpcForPageOne
.. _ad_suggestedCpcForPageOne:

suggestedCpcForPageOne
""""""""""""""""""""""

Suggested CPC value in euro cents for this ad to be shown on page one.
This value is very volatile and might change very quickly depending on the
performance of the ad.

The fields :ref:`ad_pageNumber` and :ref:`ad_suggestedCpcForPageOne` are
currently expensive to compute. If you do not need their values consider
excluding them to speed up the response. To exclude the fields add the
following parameter to the request URL. ::

    ?_exclude=pageNumber,suggestedCpcForPageOne



.. index:: phoneNumber
.. _ad_phoneNumber:

phoneNumber
"""""""""""

The phone number of the advertiser as international phone number format, e.g.
+31207894561 or as a local phone number, e.g. 06789456612. 0900 and 0800
numbers are not allowed.

.. index:: allowContactByEmail
.. _ad_allowContactByEmail:

allowContactByEmail
"""""""""""""""""""

Flag for allowing emails to be sent to the advertiser.

.. index:: dateCreated
.. _ad_dateCreated:

dateCreated
"""""""""""

The `ISO 8601`_ UTC date and time the ad was created.

.. index:: dateLastUpdated
.. _ad_dateLastUpdated:

dateLastUpdated
"""""""""""""""

The `ISO 8601`_ UTC date and time the ad was last updated.

.. index:: dateDeleted
.. _ad_dateDeleted:

dateDeleted
"""""""""""

The `ISO 8601`_ UTC date and time the ad was deleted. Omitted if the ad is
still active or paused.

.. index:: links.self
.. _ad_links:
.. _ad_links_self:

links.self
""""""""""

A link referencing the current ad. This will be provided by the Sellside API.

.. index:: links.category
.. _ad_links_category:

links.category
""""""""""""""

A link referencing the category the ad is placed in. This will be provided by
the Sellside API.

.. index:: links.url
.. _ad_links_url:

links.url
"""""""""

An external URL that is shown on the ad page. This must be a valid http(s)
url.

.. index:: links.displayUrl
.. _ad_links_displayUrl:

links.displayUrl
""""""""""""""""

The text/url that will be displayed instead of the url in :ref:`ad_links_url`.

.. index:: images
.. _ad_images:

Images
------

Each ad can contain up to eight (8) images which can be provided by the caller
as a set of URLs. iCAS will download the images and if they meet the
requirements then they will be stored on iCAS servers in several sizes
so that they can then be used by the user.

An image is valid if it is in JPG, PNG, GIF or BMP format and is smaller than 8MB
in size. Images larger than 1024x1024 px are being scaled down.

The images will be shown in the order they are provided. The first image is
shown in search results and it is the main image on the item page on
Marktplaats.

.. index:: image objects
.. _ad_image_objects:

Image Objects
"""""""""""""

When an ad is created or updated the caller provides the images as a list of
image objects which contain only the source url.

.. code-block:: javascript

    "images": [
        {
            "src": "http://www.ourshop.com/img/brother_fax_big.jpg",
        },
        ...
     ]

The images are then downloaded by iCAS and the server adds additional
fields which describe the status of the download.

.. code-block:: javascript

    "images": [
        {
            "src": "http://www.ourshop.com/img/brother_fax_big.jpg",
            "status": "OK",
            "dateLastUpdated": "2012-09-10T13:11:05Z",
            "links": {
                "50x70": "//i.marktplaats.nl/image23434_abc.jpg",
                "120x180": "//i.marktplaats.nl/image23434_def.jpg",
            }
        }
        ...
     ]

The server adds a ``status`` field indicating the status of the download. The
status is either **OK** (image was successfully downloaded), **PENDING**
(image is scheduled to be downloaded) or **FAILED** if the image was not found
or invalid.

If the ``status`` is **OK** then a **links** map is added which contains
*protocol agnostic* links to copies on the iCAS servers of the uploaded image
in various sizes. The dimensions are specified as *max width* x *max height*.

The server also adds the ``dateLastUpdated`` field which specifies the time
the image was last updated.

.. note::

    The caller can provide all the fields added by the server since
    they will be ignored.

.. index:: attributes
.. _ad_attributes:

attributes
""""""""""

An optional list of :ref:`user_defined_attributes`.

.. index:: shippingOptions
.. _ad_shippingOptions:

shippingOptions
"""""""""""""""

A list of shipping options available for this ad. Each ad must contain at least one shipping option.
Ads can contain maximum one shipping option per shipping option type.

Shipping option has the following fields:

.. list-table::
 :widths: 20 30 50
 :header-rows: 1

 * - Field
   - Mandatory
   - Description

 * - `type`
   - Mandatory
   - *SHIP* or *PICKUP*. *SHIP* means the item can be delivered to the buyer. *PICKUP* means the item can be picked up.

 * - `cost`
   - Optional
   - Cost of shipping. Only valid when type is *SHIP*. Must be greater than or equal to 0.

 * - `time`
   - Optional
   - Cost of shipping. Only valid when type is *SHIP*. Must be greater than or equal to 0.

 * - `pickupLocation`
   - Mandatory when type is *PICKUP*
   - Pick up location of the item.


.. code-block:: javascript

    "shippingOptions": [
        {"type": "SHIP", "cost": 0, "time":"2d-5d"},
        {"type": "PICKUP", "pickupLocation":"1097DN"}
     ]

.. _ad_example:

Example
-------

.. include:: examples/get-ad-id-v2-example.rst
