.. _campaign_overview:

Overview
========

Campaigns allow you, the seller, to group and manage your ads together, having shared budgets, targeting rules, and other settings. You can create separate campaigns to run ads in different locations or using different budgets.

Campaigns are a simpler way to organize and manage your products, services, and ads in general.
They are the standard for organising your ads, and they will serve as the primary container to get your ads online.

Even though they are restricted in their current capabilities, we plan to evolve the concepts in line with other advertising platforms like Google and Facebook. We will keep you posted as we release more campaign-centric features in the future.

..  include:: /campaign-restrictions.rst


To give you an idea, it is possible to pause a campaign, resulting in all ads in the campaign to be taken offline. When a campaign reaches one of its :ref:`campaign_budgets`, all ads in that campaign will be taken offline. When budget becomes available again, all ads in the campaign will come
online again.

.. _components:

Components
----------

A campaign consists of several components:

========================= ================================================
Component                 Short description
========================= ================================================
:ref:`campaign_id`        The unique reference to the campaign
:ref:`campaign_title`     User-provided title
:ref:`campaign_vendorid`  Unique reference for the seller to the campaign
:ref:`campaign_status`    Status of the campaign
:ref:`campaign_budgets`   Budgets of this campaign
:ref:`campaign_targeting` Targeting options of this campaign
========================= ================================================


.. _campaign_id:

Campaign ID
"""""""""""
Unique reference to the Campaign, needs to be omitted in a POST action. Generated by us,
and needed for certain GET/PUT actions to modify the campaign and its properties.


.. _campaign_title:

Campaign title
""""""""""""""
The title of the campaign, provided by you. This makes it easier for you to distingish between your campaigns. Your campaign titles are not visible to your ad viewers.

.. _campaign_vendorid:

Campaign vendor ID
""""""""""""""""""
A per-seller unique identifier to identify the campaign. This is provided by you.
Can either be set when creating a campaign or when updating an
existing campaign. However, once set, it can no longer be modified. When fetching an
existing campaign which does not have a **vendorId**, the field is omitted.
Creating a second campaign with a vendor ID already used by the seller is not allowed.
Since this also functions as a unique identifier (for the seller) it is possible to fetch the
campaign by vendor ID using :ref:`get_campaign_vendorid`.

.. _campaign_status:

Campaign status
"""""""""""""""

The status the campaign currently has. It can be any value from the list in :ref:`campaign_status_overview`. You can set only one
of the user-controlled states *ACTIVE*, *PAUSED* or *DELETED*, where *DELETED* is considered a final state.

.. _campaign_budgets:

Campaign budgets
""""""""""""""""

Campaigns have multiple types of budgets, see :ref:`campaign_budgets_overview`. Budgets are seen as limiting factors, meaning that, as soon
as one runs out, all ads of this campaign will be taken offline until budget(s) becomes available. Campaign budgets **must be defined**, even if they are set to *unlimited*.
When campaign budgets are not set, the ads for this campaign will *not* be live.

.. _campaign_targeting:

Campaign targeting
""""""""""""""""""

Campaigns can have targeting criteria, allowing you some customization on the target group of customers that your ads will be shown to. See :ref:`campaign_targeting_overview` for more info.
