src/source/campaign-overview.rst, before:

.. _campaign_overview:

Overview
========

Campaigns allow the seller to group ads together, having shared budgets, same targeting rules, etc.
Reporting can also be done on campaigns, instead of individual ads, as well as status management: It is possible to
pause a campaign, resulting in all ads in the campaign to be taken offline. When a campaign reaches one of its budgets,
all ads in that campaign will be taken offline. When budget becomes available again, all ads in the campaign will come
online again.

.. _components:

Components
----------

A campaign consists of several components:

========================= ================================================
Component                 Short description
========================= ================================================
:ref:`campaign_id`        The unique reference to the Campaign
:ref:`campaign_title`     User-provided title
:ref:`campaign_vendorid`  Unique reference for the seller to the campaign
:ref:`campaign_status`    Status of the campaign
:ref:`campaign_listings`  Ads in this campaign
:ref:`campaign_budgets`   Budgets of this campaign
:ref:`campaign_targeting` Targeting options of this campaign
:ref:`campaign_cpc`       CPC for all ads in this campaign
========================= ================================================


.. _campaign_id:

Campaign ID
"""""""""""
Unique reference to the Campaign, needs to be omitted in a POST action. Generated by us,
and needed for certain GET/PUT actions to modify the campaign and its properties.


.. _campaign_title:

Campaign title
""""""""""""""
The title of the campaign, provided by the user. This makes it easier for people to know
which campaign is which.

.. _campaign_vendorid:

Campaign vendor ID
""""""""""""""""""
A per-seller unique identifier to identify the campaign. This is provided by the seller.
Can either be set when creating a campaign or when updating an
existing campaign. However, once set, it can no longer be modified. When fetching an
existing campaign which does not have a **vendorId**, the field is omitted.
Creating a second campaign with an already used vendor ID

.. _campaign_status:

Campaign status
"""""""""""""""

The status the campaign currently has. Is from the list of :ref:`campaign_status_overview`. The user can set only one
of the user controlled states *ACTIVE*, *PAUSED* or *DELETED*. *DELETED* is a final state.

.. _campaign_listings:

Campaign listings
"""""""""""""""""

A 'listing' defines an ad in a campaign, and with which possible overrides for certain campaign properties(budgets, cpc, ...).
This construction makes ads into mere data containers, and can allow for an ad to be part of multiple campaigns (future plans).
A campaign without listings is an empty campaign, which is a valid scenario. See :ref:`campaign_listings_overview` for more info.

.. _campaign_budgets:

Campaign budgets
""""""""""""""""

Campaigns can have multiple types of budgets, see :ref:`campaign_budgets_overview`. Budgets are seen as limiting factors, meaning as soon
as one runs out, all ads of this campaign will be taken offline until more budget becomes available.

.. _campaign_targeting:

Campaign Targeting
""""""""""""""""""

Campaigns can have targeting criteria, allowing the seller some flexibility as to which target group of sellers ads should be shown.
See :ref:`campaign_targeting_overview` for more info.

.. _campaign_cpc:

Campaign CPC
""""""""""""

The seller can set a fixed CPC for all ads in this campaign. CPC has impact on where the ad will be shown (higher or lower in resultset, etc).
This CPC will be charged for every click on ads in this campaign. Can still be overridden for individual ads in the campaign using :ref:`campaign_listings_overview`.

Commit message:

rename listings -> linkedAds and fix broken links

src/source/campaign-overview.rst, after:

.. _campaign_overview:

Overview
========

Campaigns allow the seller to group ads together, having shared budgets, same targeting rules, etc.
Reporting can also be done on campaigns, instead of individual ads, as well as status management: It is possible to
pause a campaign, resulting in all ads in the campaign to be taken offline. When a campaign reaches one of its budgets,
all ads in that campaign will be taken offline. When budget becomes available again, all ads in the campaign will come
online again.

.. _components:

Components
----------

A campaign consists of several components:

========================= ================================================
Component                 Short description
========================= ================================================
:ref:`campaign_id`        The unique reference to the Campaign
:ref:`campaign_title`     User-provided title
:ref:`campaign_vendorid`  Unique reference for the seller to the campaign
:ref:`campaign_status`    Status of the campaign
:ref:`campaign_linkedads`  Ads in this campaign
:ref:`campaign_budgets`   Budgets of this campaign
:ref:`campaign_targeting` Targeting options of this campaign
:ref:`campaign_cpc`       CPC for all ads in this campaign
========================= ================================================


.. _campaign_id:

Campaign ID
"""""""""""
Unique reference to the Campaign, needs to be omitted in a POST action. Generated by us,
and needed for certain GET/PUT actions to modify the campaign and its properties.


.. _campaign_title:

Campaign title
""""""""""""""
The title of the campaign, provided by the user. This makes it easier for people to know
which campaign is which.

.. _campaign_vendorid:

Campaign vendor ID
""""""""""""""""""
A per-seller unique identifier to identify the campaign. This is provided by the seller.
Can either be set when creating a campaign or when updating an
existing campaign. However, once set, it can no longer be modified. When fetching an
existing campaign which does not have a **vendorId**, the field is omitted.
Creating a second campaign with an already used vendor ID

.. _campaign_status:

Campaign status
"""""""""""""""

The status the campaign currently has. Is from the list of :ref:`campaign_status_overview`. The user can set only one
of the user controlled states *ACTIVE*, *PAUSED* or *DELETED*. *DELETED* is a final state.

.. _campaign_linkedads:

Campaign linked ads
"""""""""""""""""""

A 'linkedAd' defines an ad in a campaign, with possible overrides for certain campaign properties(budgets, cpc, ...).
This construction makes ads into mere data containers, and can allow for an ad to be linked to multiple campaigns (future plans).
A campaign without linkedAds is an empty campaign, which is a valid scenario. See :ref:`campaign_linkedads_overview` for more info.

.. _campaign_budgets:

Campaign budgets
""""""""""""""""

Campaigns can have multiple types of budgets, see :ref:`campaign_budgets_overview`. Budgets are seen as limiting factors, meaning as soon
as one runs out, all ads of this campaign will be taken offline until more budget becomes available.

.. _campaign_targeting:

Campaign Targeting
""""""""""""""""""

Campaigns can have targeting criteria, allowing the seller some flexibility as to which target group of sellers ads should be shown.
See :ref:`campaign_targeting_overview` for more info.

.. _campaign_cpc:

Campaign CPC
""""""""""""

The seller can set a fixed CPC for all ads in this campaign. CPC has impact on where the ad will be shown (higher or lower in resultset, etc).
This CPC will be charged for every click on ads in this campaign. Can still be overridden for individual ads in the campaign using :ref:`campaign_linkedads_overview`.
