src/source/reporting.rst, before:

.. _Google Analytics: https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/reporting/core
.. _Yandex Metrica: https://tech.yandex.com/metrika/
.. _metrics_reporting:

Reporting
===========

The Reporting API allows you to get statistics about the performance of your ads in a flexible ad-hoc way. It is inspired by
APIs like `Google Analytics`_ and `Yandex Metrica`_ and borrows some terminology from them.
It is possible to create a custom-tailored report structure using concepts like dimensions, metrics, filters, and sorting, in the API query.


Dimensions and Metrics
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Dimensions and metrics are the main concepts used for making requests.

Dimensions
************************************
A **dimension** is an attribute of each performance event, and is used for grouping your data. For example, the dimension *Country* indicates
where a click originated from. The *Date* dimension indicates the date when a particular ad was viewed or clicked.
It is also possible to make a report without dimensions; in this case, the total result is calculated. Check the list of currently `Supported Dimensions`_.

Metrics
************************************
.. _metrics:

**Metrics** are numeric values based on quantitative aggregations over dimensions' values; every query requires at least one metric field to be requested.
For example, the metric *Clicks* indicates the total number of clicks, while *ViewCTR* indicates the click-through rate for ads. Check the list of currently `Supported Metrics`_.

.. _SQL-note:
.. note:: If you are familiar with SQL, you can think of dimensions as columns used for grouping, and metrics as the results returned by aggregate functions. The tables in most reports organize dimension values into rows, and metrics into columns.

To grasp the different views that a report can generate, below is an example of tabular representation typical for analytics reports:


==============  ========  ==================
DIMENSION       METRIC    METRIC
--------------  --------  ------------------
*Country*       *Clicks*   *ViewCTR*
==============  ========  ==================
Netherlands      1234       0.5678
Spain            987        0.123
France           64523      0.2643
==============  ========  ==================

If we add a secondary dimension, for example *Category*, the resulting view could be:

==============  ==============  =========  ===========
  DIMENSION     DIMENSION        METRIC     METRIC
--------------  --------------  ---------  -----------
*Country*       *Category*      *Clicks*    *ViewCTR*
==============  ==============  =========  ===========
Netherlands     Bicycles         356        0.5678
Netherlands     Camping Gear     174        0.455
Netherlands     Mobile Phones    546        0.0245
 . . .             . . .         . . .       . . .
Spain           Bicycles         987        0.123
Spain           Camping Gear     5537       0.2311
Spain           Mobile Phones    987        0.123
 . . .             . . .         . . .       . . .
France          Bicycles         12743      0.2357
France          Camping Gear     753        0.1124
France          Bicycles         882        0.3575
==============  ==============  =========  ===========

The dimensions supported by the reporting API have discrete values (like *Netherlands* or *Bicycles*), and the data is split by each such value, over which statistics (like *Clicks* or *Impressions*) are calculated.

Supported Dimensions
********************************************

=================  =========  =============================
Name                 Type      Description
=================  =========  =============================
``am:date``         String     The date when the events happened. See `Time Aggregation`_
``am:adID``         Long       ID of the ad(s)
``am:CPC``          Long       The Cost Per Click (in Cents) of the ad(s)
``am:categoryID``   Long       The category ID of the ad(s)
``am:regionID``     Long       The region ID of the ad(s)
=================  =========  =============================

.. note:: *Date* is a special dimension, in that you can specify the granularity of the timeseries breakdown. In other words, data is aggregated over units of time (such as days, weeks, months or years) when calculating metrics over it. See `Time Aggregation`_ for options on granularity.


Supported Metrics
********************************************

================================  =========  =========  ============================================================
Name                                Type     `Scope`_    Description
================================  =========  =========  ============================================================
``am:clicks``                      Long       Hit        Number of clicks
``am:impressions``                 Long       Hit        Nnumber of impressions
``am:websiteClicks``               Long       Hit        Number of website clicks
``am:emails``                      Long       Hit        Number of emails
``am:engagements``                 Long       Hit        Number of engagements from clicks
``am:viewCTR``                     Double     Hit        Number of clicks leads from impressions, also known as Click-through rate
``am:websiteCTR``                  Double     Hit        Number of website leads from clicks
``am:spent``                       Long       Hit        Amount spent (in Cents)
``am:engagementCTR``               Double     Hit        Number of engagements leads from clicks
``am:avgCPC``                      Double     Hit        Average Cost Per Click. Calculation
``am:sessionsWithClicks``          Long       Session    Number of unique sessions with clicks
``am:sessionsWithImpressions``     Long       Session    Number of unique sessions with impressions
``am:sessionsWithWebsiteClicks``   Long       Session    Number of unique sessions with website clicks
``am:sessionsWithEmails``          Long       Session    Number of unique sessions sending emails
``am:sessionsWithEngagements``     Long       Session    Number of unique sessions with engagements
``am:sessionViewCTR``              Double     Session    Number of unique sessions with clicks leads from unique sessions with impressions
``am:sessionWebsiteCTR``           Double     Session    Number of unique sessions with website leads from unique sessions with clicks
``am:sessionEngagementCTR``        Double     Session    Number of unique sessions with engagements leads from unique sessions with clicks
================================  =========  =========  ============================================================

Scope
######################################################
A scope for a metric defines the level at which that metric is defined — hit, session, or user. For example, ``am:clicks`` and ``am:impressions`` are **hit** level metrics, since they occur in a hit, whereas ``am:sessionsWithClicks`` and ``am:sessionsWithImpressions`` are **session** level metrics since there is a single value for these per session. Conceptually, **user** is the highest level scope and **hit** is the lowest level scope. We plan to extend support for **user**-level scoped metrics if there is demand for it.


Time Ranges
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _time-ranges:

This field is used to specify one ore more distinct time periods to fetch data for, across which all other query parameters will be the same.
Supplying a single range is sufficient for most needs, but the flexibility is provided to ask for multiple at the same time.

.. _time-range:

Each time range clause is defined as follows:

.. code:: javascript

    {
        "period":   <string>
        "from":     <string>
        "to":       <string>
    }

There are several *predefined* period values at your disposal: ``today``, ``yesterday``, ``thisWeek``, ``lastWeek``, ``thisMonth``, ``lastMonth``, ``thisYear``, and ``lastYear``, with their obvious meanings. A week runs from Monday to Sunday.
If you use a predefined period for a particular time range, the *from* and *to* fields of that time range will be ignored.

To use a *custom* period, you need to provide the start (*from*) and end (*to*) date (**both inclusive**) in the following format: ``YYYY-MM-DD``.
The end date cannot be before the start one. For example:

.. code:: javascript

    "timeRanges": [
        {
                "period":   "custom",
                "from":     "2017-01-01",
                "to":       "2017-10-22"
        }
    ]


Example with multiple time ranges, mixed custom and predefined:

.. code:: javascript

    "timeRanges": [
        {
            "period":   "thisWeek"
        },
        {
            "period":   "custom",
            "from":     "2017-01-08",
            "to":       "2017-01-15"
        }
    ]


Time Aggregation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _time-aggregation:

The ``aggregate`` parameter is used in combination with the ``am:date`` dimension; ``aggregate`` is in fact **mandatory** when ``am:date`` is used. It specifies the granularity/resolution of the time according to which the metrics data will be grouped in buckets. Possible values are: ``daily``, ``weekly``, ``quarterly``, ``montly``, ``yearly``.

Filters
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _filters:

To request a subset of your data, use filters. For example, you can filter on particular category, region, or ad ID. Filters can currently be used on any of the supported dimensions (except for ``am:date``). In the request query, they should be provided as an array of filter clauses which filters out the requested data on particular field values. Each filter clause is of the following form:

.. code:: javascript

        {
                "field":   <string>
                "operator":  <string>
                "value":  [<long>, ...]
        }

Each filter in the list adds more restriction on the result, i.e., there is implicit *AND* operation between them.
The only valid ``operator`` at the moment is the set operator ``in``, and requires an array of values to be passed in the ``value`` field of the filter. For example:

.. code:: javascript

    "filters": [
        {
            "field":"am:adID",
            "operator":"in",
            "value": [1111,2222,3333]
        },
        {
            "field":"am:regionID",
            "operator":"in",
            "value": [1234, 5678]
        }
    ]


.. _Sorts:

Sorting
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
To sort the resulting data, use the **sorts** top-level query field. Sorts is an array of sort clauses, each of the following form:

.. code:: javascript

    {
        "field":        <string>
        "direction":    <string>
    }


A field can be either a valid metric or a valid dimension. It is only permitted to sort on the fields that are requested. There are two directions for sorting: ``asc`` (ascending) and ``desc`` (descending). 
The following example sorts first on date in descending order, followed by the ad ID in ascending order.

.. code:: javascript

    {
        "sorts": [
            {
                "field":"am:date",
                "direction":"desc"
     
            },
            {
                "field":"am:adID",
                "direction":"asc"
            }
        ]
    }

Pagination with offset and limit
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Depending on the amount and shape of the requested data, it is worthwhile to paginate the results, for efficiency. Use the top-level ``offset`` and ``limit`` fields of the request query, with their standard meanings.


Enrichment
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
It is possible to enrich the reports with "handy" ad-related data for which only the present-moment values are available, such as the ad title, or category description. Requesting these fields makes sense **only** if ``am:adID`` is in the requested dimensions. The supported fields are listed below:

===========================  ===========  =============================
Name                           Type        Description
===========================  ===========  =============================
``am:currentAdTitle``         String       Current title of the ad
``am:currentAdStartDate``     Timestamp    Current start date of the ad
``am:currentAdEndDate``       Timestamp    Current end date of the ad, if applicable
``am:currentAdCPC``           Integer      Currect CPC of the ad
``am:currentAdCategoryL1``    String       Description of the current top-level category the ad
``am:currentAdCategoryL2``    String       Description of the current second-level category the ad
``am:currentAdCategoryL3``    String       Description of the current third-level category the ad, if applicable
``am:currentAdImage``         String       Path to the current (first) image of the ad in the smallest resolution (64x64 pixels), if available
``am:currentAdVendorID``      String       Current vendorID of the ad, if available
``am:currentAdRegion``        String       Description of the current (lowest-level) region of the ad, if applicable
``am:currentAdExternalID``    String       Current externalID of the ad, if available
===========================  ===========  =============================


Query and Response
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. include:: reporting-query-and-response.rst


Examples
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

..  include:: reporting-examples.rst


Errors
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

..  include:: reporting-errors.rst

Commit message:

added campaign states xml file for draw.io, also reporting campaignID

src/source/reporting.rst, after:

.. _Google Analytics: https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/reporting/core
.. _Yandex Metrica: https://tech.yandex.com/metrika/
.. _metrics_reporting:

Reporting
===========

The Reporting API allows you to get statistics about the performance of your ads in a flexible ad-hoc way. It is inspired by
APIs like `Google Analytics`_ and `Yandex Metrica`_ and borrows some terminology from them.
It is possible to create a custom-tailored report structure using concepts like dimensions, metrics, filters, and sorting, in the API query.


Dimensions and Metrics
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Dimensions and metrics are the main concepts used for making requests.

Dimensions
************************************
A **dimension** is an attribute of each performance event, and is used for grouping your data. For example, the dimension *Country* indicates
where a click originated from. The *Date* dimension indicates the date when a particular ad was viewed or clicked.
It is also possible to make a report without dimensions; in this case, the total result is calculated. Check the list of currently `Supported Dimensions`_.

Metrics
************************************
.. _metrics:

**Metrics** are numeric values based on quantitative aggregations over dimensions' values; every query requires at least one metric field to be requested.
For example, the metric *Clicks* indicates the total number of clicks, while *ViewCTR* indicates the click-through rate for ads. Check the list of currently `Supported Metrics`_.

.. _SQL-note:
.. note:: If you are familiar with SQL, you can think of dimensions as columns used for grouping, and metrics as the results returned by aggregate functions. The tables in most reports organize dimension values into rows, and metrics into columns.

To grasp the different views that a report can generate, below is an example of tabular representation typical for analytics reports:


==============  ========  ==================
DIMENSION       METRIC    METRIC
--------------  --------  ------------------
*Country*       *Clicks*   *ViewCTR*
==============  ========  ==================
Netherlands      1234       0.5678
Spain            987        0.123
France           64523      0.2643
==============  ========  ==================

If we add a secondary dimension, for example *Category*, the resulting view could be:

==============  ==============  =========  ===========
  DIMENSION     DIMENSION        METRIC     METRIC
--------------  --------------  ---------  -----------
*Country*       *Category*      *Clicks*    *ViewCTR*
==============  ==============  =========  ===========
Netherlands     Bicycles         356        0.5678
Netherlands     Camping Gear     174        0.455
Netherlands     Mobile Phones    546        0.0245
 . . .             . . .         . . .       . . .
Spain           Bicycles         987        0.123
Spain           Camping Gear     5537       0.2311
Spain           Mobile Phones    987        0.123
 . . .             . . .         . . .       . . .
France          Bicycles         12743      0.2357
France          Camping Gear     753        0.1124
France          Bicycles         882        0.3575
==============  ==============  =========  ===========

The dimensions supported by the reporting API have discrete values (like *Netherlands* or *Bicycles*), and the data is split by each such value, over which statistics (like *Clicks* or *Impressions*) are calculated.

Supported Dimensions
********************************************

=================  =========  =============================
Name                 Type      Description
=================  =========  =============================
``am:date``         String     The date when the events happened. See `Time Aggregation`_
``am:adID``         Long       ID of the ad(s)
``am:CPC``          Long       The Cost Per Click (in Cents) of the ad(s)
``am:categoryID``   Long       The category ID of the ad(s)
``am:regionID``     Long       The region ID of the ad(s)
``am:campaignID``   Long       The ID of the campaign
=================  =========  =============================

.. note:: *Date* is a special dimension, in that you can specify the granularity of the timeseries breakdown. In other words, data is aggregated over units of time (such as days, weeks, months or years) when calculating metrics over it. See `Time Aggregation`_ for options on granularity.


Supported Metrics
********************************************

================================  =========  =========  ============================================================
Name                                Type     `Scope`_    Description
================================  =========  =========  ============================================================
``am:clicks``                      Long       Hit        Number of clicks
``am:impressions``                 Long       Hit        Nnumber of impressions
``am:websiteClicks``               Long       Hit        Number of website clicks
``am:emails``                      Long       Hit        Number of emails
``am:engagements``                 Long       Hit        Number of engagements from clicks
``am:viewCTR``                     Double     Hit        Number of clicks leads from impressions, also known as Click-through rate
``am:websiteCTR``                  Double     Hit        Number of website leads from clicks
``am:spent``                       Long       Hit        Amount spent (in Cents)
``am:engagementCTR``               Double     Hit        Number of engagements leads from clicks
``am:avgCPC``                      Double     Hit        Average Cost Per Click. Calculation
``am:sessionsWithClicks``          Long       Session    Number of unique sessions with clicks
``am:sessionsWithImpressions``     Long       Session    Number of unique sessions with impressions
``am:sessionsWithWebsiteClicks``   Long       Session    Number of unique sessions with website clicks
``am:sessionsWithEmails``          Long       Session    Number of unique sessions sending emails
``am:sessionsWithEngagements``     Long       Session    Number of unique sessions with engagements
``am:sessionViewCTR``              Double     Session    Number of unique sessions with clicks leads from unique sessions with impressions
``am:sessionWebsiteCTR``           Double     Session    Number of unique sessions with website leads from unique sessions with clicks
``am:sessionEngagementCTR``        Double     Session    Number of unique sessions with engagements leads from unique sessions with clicks
================================  =========  =========  ============================================================

Scope
######################################################
A scope for a metric defines the level at which that metric is defined — hit, session, or user. For example, ``am:clicks`` and ``am:impressions`` are **hit** level metrics, since they occur in a hit, whereas ``am:sessionsWithClicks`` and ``am:sessionsWithImpressions`` are **session** level metrics since there is a single value for these per session. Conceptually, **user** is the highest level scope and **hit** is the lowest level scope. We plan to extend support for **user**-level scoped metrics if there is demand for it.


Time Ranges
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _time-ranges:

This field is used to specify one ore more distinct time periods to fetch data for, across which all other query parameters will be the same.
Supplying a single range is sufficient for most needs, but the flexibility is provided to ask for multiple at the same time.

.. _time-range:

Each time range clause is defined as follows:

.. code:: javascript

    {
        "period":   <string>
        "from":     <string>
        "to":       <string>
    }

There are several *predefined* period values at your disposal: ``today``, ``yesterday``, ``thisWeek``, ``lastWeek``, ``thisMonth``, ``lastMonth``, ``thisYear``, and ``lastYear``, with their obvious meanings. A week runs from Monday to Sunday.
If you use a predefined period for a particular time range, the *from* and *to* fields of that time range will be ignored.

To use a *custom* period, you need to provide the start (*from*) and end (*to*) date (**both inclusive**) in the following format: ``YYYY-MM-DD``.
The end date cannot be before the start one. For example:

.. code:: javascript

    "timeRanges": [
        {
                "period":   "custom",
                "from":     "2017-01-01",
                "to":       "2017-10-22"
        }
    ]


Example with multiple time ranges, mixed custom and predefined:

.. code:: javascript

    "timeRanges": [
        {
            "period":   "thisWeek"
        },
        {
            "period":   "custom",
            "from":     "2017-01-08",
            "to":       "2017-01-15"
        }
    ]


Time Aggregation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _time-aggregation:

The ``aggregate`` parameter is used in combination with the ``am:date`` dimension; ``aggregate`` is in fact **mandatory** when ``am:date`` is used. It specifies the granularity/resolution of the time according to which the metrics data will be grouped in buckets. Possible values are: ``daily``, ``weekly``, ``quarterly``, ``montly``, ``yearly``.

Filters
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _filters:

To request a subset of your data, use filters. For example, you can filter on particular category, region, or ad ID. Filters can currently be used on any of the supported dimensions (except for ``am:date``). In the request query, they should be provided as an array of filter clauses which filters out the requested data on particular field values. Each filter clause is of the following form:

.. code:: javascript

        {
                "field":   <string>
                "operator":  <string>
                "value":  [<long>, ...]
        }

Each filter in the list adds more restriction on the result, i.e., there is implicit *AND* operation between them.
The only valid ``operator`` at the moment is the set operator ``in``, and requires an array of values to be passed in the ``value`` field of the filter. For example:

.. code:: javascript

    "filters": [
        {
            "field":"am:adID",
            "operator":"in",
            "value": [1111,2222,3333]
        },
        {
            "field":"am:regionID",
            "operator":"in",
            "value": [1234, 5678]
        }
    ]


.. _Sorts:

Sorting
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
To sort the resulting data, use the **sorts** top-level query field. Sorts is an array of sort clauses, each of the following form:

.. code:: javascript

    {
        "field":        <string>
        "direction":    <string>
    }


A field can be either a valid metric or a valid dimension. It is only permitted to sort on the fields that are requested. There are two directions for sorting: ``asc`` (ascending) and ``desc`` (descending). 
The following example sorts first on date in descending order, followed by the ad ID in ascending order.

.. code:: javascript

    {
        "sorts": [
            {
                "field":"am:date",
                "direction":"desc"
     
            },
            {
                "field":"am:adID",
                "direction":"asc"
            }
        ]
    }

Pagination with offset and limit
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Depending on the amount and shape of the requested data, it is worthwhile to paginate the results, for efficiency. Use the top-level ``offset`` and ``limit`` fields of the request query, with their standard meanings.


Enrichment
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
It is possible to enrich the reports with "handy" ad-related data for which only the present-moment values are available, such as the ad title, or category description. Requesting these fields makes sense **only** if ``am:adID`` is in the requested dimensions. The supported fields are listed below:

===========================  ===========  =============================
Name                           Type        Description
===========================  ===========  =============================
``am:currentAdTitle``         String       Current title of the ad
``am:currentAdStartDate``     Timestamp    Current start date of the ad
``am:currentAdEndDate``       Timestamp    Current end date of the ad, if applicable
``am:currentAdCPC``           Integer      Currect CPC of the ad
``am:currentAdCategoryL1``    String       Description of the current top-level category the ad
``am:currentAdCategoryL2``    String       Description of the current second-level category the ad
``am:currentAdCategoryL3``    String       Description of the current third-level category the ad, if applicable
``am:currentAdImage``         String       Path to the current (first) image of the ad in the smallest resolution (64x64 pixels), if available
``am:currentAdVendorID``      String       Current vendorID of the ad, if available
``am:currentAdRegion``        String       Description of the current (lowest-level) region of the ad, if applicable
``am:currentAdExternalID``    String       Current externalID of the ad, if available
``am:currentCampaignID``      Long         Current campaignID to which the ad belongs // TODO: need to check if this makes sense in general
===========================  ===========  =============================


Query and Response
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. include:: reporting-query-and-response.rst


Examples
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

..  include:: reporting-examples.rst


Errors
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

..  include:: reporting-errors.rst
